Ramadan used to be the happiest month of
the year for Samia
hassanin she would spend it with her
family praying and preparing food
together but Israel's war on Gaza
changed all that they are now separated
she's in Rafa and her mother is in Gaza
[Music]
City we used to wait happily for the
holy month of Ramadan the holy month of
Ramadan is our favorite month we used to
decorate the houses the streets and we
used to prepare special meals during
Ramadan guys as fun network is largely
disrupted but it's Hassan's only means
of staying in touch with her mother who
can barely contain her emotions when she
hears her daughter's
voice Hass begs her mother not to
cry the whole family were together last
Ramadan
this Ramadan all the families are
divided and all the families have lost
beloved ones there is no single complete
family such separations are affecting
all
ages she loved my children so much
especially Kareem All My Children love
her a lot Kareem cries every time
because he wants to see his
grandmother for hassanin and her
children their only prayer this Ramadan
is for Israel to end its War on Gaza so
they can see the rest of their family
Hamza Muhammad Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer